# Bug-Finder
During quarantine, we (Vanshaj and Ganesh) like many others among the pandemic all around the world decided to put our video game consoles to use and start gaming. Although we got hooked onto gaming and loved doing that daily to de-stress, we realized that there was room for innovation that could make the gaming scene even better. We noticed gaming is missing the ability for developers and players to interact with each other seamlessly to mainly discuss current bugs and update issues, but also the future of the game. Currently, the most common way is to tag the video game publishers on Twitter and hoping they see the tweets. So there is where we brainstormed and decided to work on Bug Finder. Though the code commits were from Ganesh, Vanshaj was involved in coding project from start to finish as well, we used Visual Studio Code and used live coding to get our code written together while on call. Vanshaj was having issues with getting locked out of his Github account and not being able to access it earlier. 

This project is an android app designed for users to be able to publish reports for video game bugs and glitches. Like a social media app similar to Reddit each popular game title would have its own community under which users can describe the bug and attach videos of the bug to each report. These reports from the users get compiled in a clean list that allows developers to see these posts and reports and be able to comment on these and post their own announcements to the community page addressing these concerns. Players can also suggest ideas that they think would keep the game more balanced. We hope to release this app to the public in the near future. We used Android Studio with Java and Firebase. 
